Update docs for upgraded (#274)
threefoldtech/zos: docs/upgrade/readme.md

Upgrade is an autonomous module and is not reachable over zbus.

## Home Directory
Upgraded does not have a home directory, although it can keep track of some files under /tmp. The reason that those files
are kept in a tmpfs filesystem, and not persisted on disk is that they are only needed during the runtime. On reboot new
files will be written. More on that later

## zinit unit

Upgrade module depends on network and flist module. This is because is requires network connection to check for new update and the flist module to download the upgrade flist on the node.

## Philosophy

0-OS is meant to be a black box no one can access. While this provide some nice security features it also makes it harder to manage. Specially when it comes to update/upgrade.

> Hence, zos only trust few sources for upgrade packages. When the node boots up it checks the sources for the latest release and make sure all the local binaries are uptodate before continuing the booting. The flist source must be rock-solid secured, that's another topic for different documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hence, zos only trust few sources for upgrade packages. When the node boots up it checks the sources for the latest release and make sure all the local binaries are up-to-date before continuing the booting. The flist source must be rock-solid secured, that's another topic for different documentation.
```

The run mode defines which flist the node is going to use to boot. Run mode can be specified by passing `runmode=<mode>` to the kernel boot params. Currently we have those different run modes.

- dev: ephemeral network only setup to develop and test new features. Can be created and reset at anytime

> - test: Mostly stable feature that needs to be tested at scale, allow preview and test of new features. Always the latest greatest. This network can be reset sometimes, but should be relatively stable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- test: Mostly stable features that need to be tested at scale, allow preview and test of new features. Always the latest and greatest. This network can be reset sometimes, but should be relatively stable.
```
